accessibility updates to portals section (#200)
ubccr/ccrdocs: pages/portals/coldfront.md

resource.  Research faculty, principal investigators, and teaching faculty are able to create projects in ColdFront and request allocations to CCR resources
for themselves and their group members or students.  

> Getting started with ColdFront is easy and all you need is a CCR user account.  If you don't have one yet, use [these instructions](../getting-access.md) to create yourself an account. Faculty members and principal investigators (PIs) can use ColdFront to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Getting started with ColdFront is easy and all you need is a CCR user account.  If you don't have one yet, follow [CCR's getting access documentation](../getting-access.md) to create yourself an account. Faculty members and principal investigators (PIs) can use ColdFront to:
```
